Configuration Management:
-	At the root level of the robot code repository, the software team should maintain a .txt file with a list of all library and firmware dependencies in the code, identification of the version(s) of the dependencies used in the code, and links from which those versions of those dependencies can be downloaded.
-	To facilitate DRYness, the code should contain a single class with pin and CAN id numberings for all relevant sensors, actuators, and other electronic devices referenced in the robot code.
-	The software team should maintain up-to-date labels with CAN ids on all CAN devices in circulation (not just in use on a particular robot, but also on materials prepared for hot-swapping).
-	Joystick button-binding diagrams should be kept in an easily and remotely accessible location for driver and developer reference.
-	Robot code Git repositories should be branched, with branches including "master" or "main" (the primary development branch), "competition" (for keeping the most recent competition-ready code), and system branches (such as "shooter," "climber," "drive," etc.). 


Workflow:
	To start working on an issue, a developer should open the "Issues" tab on the robot code Git repository page in GitHub and identify the issues assigned to them. Once they find their assigned issue(s), they should check out the proper branch and work on the issue they have been assigned, asking for help when needed and documenting their work as necessary.
	When a developer believes they have fixed the issue, they should test all of the robot's functions – one at a time – with the new code to make sure that no new bugs have been introduced. If any of the tests fail, the cause of the failure should be identified and addressed. Should the cause be in the developer's own code, the developer should fix the problem. If, however, the cause of the problem is in another developer's code, both developers should work together to fix the bug to avoid future merge conflicts and creating new issues.

	The developer should commit changes to their code as often as reasonable. Those changes should be committed to the corresponding system branch, with a description of the changes noted in the commit message. Developers should strive to push their commits to the remote repository as often as possible (this may be complicated by a lack of internet due to connection to the robot). 

	Once a programmer has pushed their changes to their respective branch, they should leave a comment on the issue page on GitHub and inform the software lead that the issue is resolved. The software lead (or a mentor to whom the task is delegated) should pull the master branch into the system branch, resolve any merge conflicts , and thoroughly test (all in the presence of the developer) all robot functionality. If all functionality is preserved and the issue is resolved, the software lead, mentor, or developer may pull the system branch code into the main branch and close the issue on GitHub. 
